Add doc for dev image (#2641)
infiniflow/ragflow: docs/guides/develop/build_docker_image.md

### Build the Docker Image

Navigate to the `ragflow` directory where the Dockerfile and other necessary files are located. Now you can build the Docker image using the provided Dockerfile. The command below specifies which Dockerfile to use and tags the image with a name for reference purpose.

#### Build and push multi-arch image `infiniflow/ragflow:dev-slim`

On a `linux/amd64` host:
```bash
docker build -f Dockerfile.slim -t infiniflow/ragflow:dev-slim-amd64 .
docker push infiniflow/ragflow:dev-slim-amd64
```

On a `linux/arm64` host:
```bash
docker build -f Dockerfile.slim -t infiniflow/ragflow:dev-slim-arm64 .
docker push infiniflow/ragflow:dev-slim-arm64
```

> On any linux host:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On a Linux host:
```

```bash
docker manifest create infiniflow/ragflow:dev-slim --amend infiniflow/ragflow:dev-slim-amd64 --amend infiniflow/ragflow:dev-slim-arm64
docker manifest push infiniflow/ragflow:dev-slim
```

> This image's size is about 1 GB. It relies external LLM services since it doesn't contain embedding models. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image is approximately 1 GB in size and relies on external LLM services, as it does not include deepdoc, embedding, or chat models.
```

#### Build and push multi-arch image `infiniflow/ragflow:dev`

On a `linux/amd64` host:
```bash
pip3 install huggingface-hub
python3 download_deps.py
docker build -f Dockerfile -t infiniflow/ragflow:dev-amd64 .
docker push infiniflow/ragflow:dev-amd64
```

On a `linux/arm64` host:
```bash
pip3 install huggingface-hub
python3 download_deps.py
docker build -f Dockerfile -t infiniflow/ragflow:dev-arm64 .
docker push infiniflow/ragflow:dev-arm64
```

On any linux host:
```bash
docker manifest create infiniflow/ragflow:dev --amend infiniflow/ragflow:dev-amd64 --amend infiniflow/ragflow:dev-arm64
docker manifest push infiniflow/ragflow:dev
```

> This image's size is about 11 GB. It contains embedding models, and can inference via local CPU/GPU or external LLM services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This image's size is approximately 9 GB in size and can reference via either local CPU/GPU or an external LLM, as it includes deepdoc, embedding, and chat models.
```
